README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

GUIDELINES REFACTOR FOR TOKENS AND USE IN OTHER PROJECTS

README.md, after:

# Easy Click Design System (Tokens + UX)

This repo is a **token + docs + recipes** source for Easy Click products.
It is designed to plug into apps that already use **shadcn/ui**.

## What this repo provides

- **Tokens**: `tokens/easyclick.css` (source of truth)
- **ThemeProvider**: data-theme based + anti-FOUC script
- **Docs**: UX manifesto + UX rules
- **Recipes**: copy/paste snippets that use shadcn components

## What this repo does NOT provide

- It does **not** ship a base `Button`, `Dialog`, `Table`, etc.  
  Each consuming app should use its own `@/components/ui/*` from shadcn.

## Quick usage (manual copy)

1) Copy `tokens/easyclick.css` into your app and import it in your `globals.css`.
2) Copy `components/theme/ThemeProvider.tsx`.
3) Add the anti-FOUC script in `app/layout.tsx`.
4) Use recipes in `/recipes` as starting points.

See `docs/consumption.md` for exact steps.

## Local docs site (optional)

This repo still contains a Next.js site for demos and pattern previews.
Run it locally if needed:

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```
